hi I'm Keith McCoy the solution self
Kelley houseflies everybody's been
bothered with them at one point or
another whether you're outside
barbecuing whether you're just sitting
out on your porch these guys can be just
a real nuisance one of the reasons why
they're coming into the area is because
they're attracted to decaying matter
maybe food stuff hey there may be in a
dead rodent or another dead animal in
the environment somewhere and that's
what's drawn them in so first thing we
want to actually do is take a look and
see what we can do about sanitation
second thing is we have a couple of
different options here that we can
actually treat for house flies one is
called bonanza this product contains
emitted clopin it's produced by control
solutions incorporated out of Pasadena
Texas this product can be used as a
scatter bait or it can be used as a
paint on type product mixed with water
another product is the maxxforce fly
spot bait this product is produced by
Bayer environmental science it can be
used as a paint on or it can be mixed in
water and sprayed on two surfaces tell
you what we've got an area over here
where we need to treat give me a second
let me get this stuff prepared and let
me show you how to apply it okay let's
go ahead and mix our first product we're
going to use is the max force fly spot
bait we're going to mix this according
to label directions we're going to mix
this two ounces which is what a packet
is per one pint of water and we've
already put our pint of water in our
container and we'll pour our material in
there
and we want to make sure that we conceal
our sprayer down tight and then you want
to agitate the sprayer for a minute or
so just to make sure that the product
gets nice and mixed up once its agitated
then you're ready to spray so what we're
going to do we're just going to come in
here and we're going to spray around
doors windows and then the corners of
all of our walls this way we have all of
our areas covered where the flies are
make sure you read your label directions
for application rates and mixing
instructions another product that we can
use again was the Bonanza the Bonanza
can be applied either as a dry form or
it can be painted on what we're going to
do is we're going to apply it as a dry
form and we've got some little bait
trades that will place our bait into and
we'll set these bait trays out where we
know that we have activity the Flies are
drawn to it
they feed on it it kills them one unique
thing about both bonanza and the fly
bait spot is they haven't attracted in
them that draws these flies to it they
also have a product called bit tricks in
them which is actually a bitter
substance that if a dog or cat or even
if children actually get into it and
actually put it in their mouth it's a
very bitter taste and obviously you
don't want to eat it you want to spit it
out so it's got it's got that in it to
help protect non-target animals and
children so anyway we're going to take
our bonanza and we're going to sprinkle
a little bit of bait into our tray and
we're going to take our tray we're going
to place it again where we know that we
have activity in this particular case
we've been having some activity over in
the corner of this fort
so we're going to take our bait station
we're going to place it into a potted
plant which hopefully will get some
activity we'll get some hits on it I
appreciate you watching I'm Keith McCoy
with solution self Kim asked us how to
do it yourself